README.md, before:

# Social Care Connectivity & Devices
NHSX led programme to procure and gift 11,000 (data-enabled where needed) iPads to care homes in response to COVID-19. This is so that staff can access remote health consultations for the people in their care. We plan to distribute the iPads by autumn 2020 ahead of a second wave of COVID-19 and winter pressures.

## How we prioritise the eligibility criteria

### Priority 1

- Care homes with under 40 beds (and no tablet devices) will qualify for 1 device. 
- Care homes with more than 40 beds (and no tablet devices) will qualify for 2 devices. 
- Care homes with more than 40 beds (and 1 tablet device) will quality for 1 device.

If a care home has more devices, but answered the following question: "Which of the following issues may make it difficult to facilitate video calls with GPs and health and care professionals?" with either:
- **A:** "Our tablet devices are not good enough (i.e. they’re too old/slow/do not have the right features)"
*OR*
- **B:** "Our tablet are reserved for-or locked down to- other things and cannot be used for remote consultations"

Then
- Care homes with under 40 beds will qualify for 1 device. 
- Care homes with more than 40 beds will qualify for 2 devices. 

### Priority 2

If there are devices remaining after priority 1, care homes who have less than 2 devices and responded to the following question: "Which of the following issues may make it difficult to facilitate video calls with GPs and health and care professionals?"
- **A:** "Not enough tablet devices for staff to use for this purpose"

Will receive 1 device

## Logic Model

|Route|Flag 1|Flag 2|Flag 3|Flag 4|Flag 5|Flag 6|Priority|Number of iPads|
|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|1|More than 40 Residents|No current devices| | | |	|Priority One|2|
|2|More than 40 Residents| |Devices not adequate| | | |Priority One	|2|
|3|Less than 40 Residents|No current devices| | | |	|Priority One	|1|
|4|Less than 40 Residents|	|Devices not adequate | | |	|Priority One|1|
|5|More than 40 Residents| |Devices adequate|	|Only one Current Device| |Priority One|1|
|6|Less than 40 Residents| |Devices adequate|	|Has less than two devices|Not enough devices|Priority Two|1|
|7|More than 40 Residents| |Devices adequate|	Two or more current devices|Has less than three devices	|Not enough devices	|Priority Two|1|
|8|Less than 40 Residents| |Devices adequate| |Has more than two devices| |Ineligable|0|
|9|More than 40 Residents| |Devices adequate|Two or more current devices|Has more than three devices| |Ineligable	|0|
|10|Less than 40 Residents| |Devices adequate| |Has less than two devices|Enough devices	|Ineligable	|0|
|11|More than 40 Residents||Devices adequate|Two or more current devices|Has less than three devices|Enough devices|Ineligable|0|

Commit message:

Added synthetic data and v1.0 of logic model

README.md, after:

# Social Care Connectivity & Devices
NHSX led programme to procure and gift 11,000 (data-enabled where needed) iPads to care homes in response to COVID-19. This is so that staff can access remote health consultations for the people in their care. We plan to distribute the iPads by autumn 2020 ahead of a second wave of COVID-19 and winter pressures.

## How we prioritise the eligibility criteria

### Priority 1

- Care homes with under 40 beds (and no tablet devices) will qualify for 1 device. 
- Care homes with more than 40 beds (and no tablet devices) will qualify for 2 devices. 
- Care homes with more than 40 beds (and 1 tablet device) will quality for 1 device.

If a care home has more devices, but answered the following question: "Which of the following issues may make it difficult to facilitate video calls with GPs and health and care professionals?" with either:
- **A:** "Our tablet devices are not good enough (i.e. they’re too old/slow/do not have the right features)"
*OR*
- **B:** "Our tablet are reserved for-or locked down to- other things and cannot be used for remote consultations"

Then
- Care homes with under 40 beds will qualify for 1 device. 
- Care homes with more than 40 beds will qualify for 2 devices. 

### Priority 2

If there are devices remaining after priority 1, care homes who have less than 2 devices and responded to the following question: "Which of the following issues may make it difficult to facilitate video calls with GPs and health and care professionals?"
- **A:** "Not enough tablet devices for staff to use for this purpose"

Will receive 1 device

## Logic Model

There are only siz logic gates in the model. Each gate is based on answers to survey responses we recived.
Depending on the responses, each care hame can move down only one route to a particular Priority and Allocation of Devices.

|Route|Gate 1|Gate 2|Gate 3|Gate 4|Gate 5|Gate 6|Priority|Number of iPads|
|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-:|
|1|More than 40 Residents|No current devices| | | |	|Priority One|2|
|2|More than 40 Residents| |Devices not adequate| | | |Priority One	|2|
|3|Less than 40 Residents|No current devices| | | |	|Priority One	|1|
|4|Less than 40 Residents|	|Devices not adequate | | |	|Priority One|1|
|5|More than 40 Residents| |Devices adequate|	|Only one Current Device| |Priority One|1|
|6|Less than 40 Residents| |Devices adequate|	|Has less than two devices|Not enough devices|Priority Two|1|
|7|More than 40 Residents| |Devices adequate|	Two or more current devices|Has less than three devices	|Not enough devices	|Priority Two|1|
|8|Less than 40 Residents| |Devices adequate| |Has more than two devices| |Ineligable|0|
|9|More than 40 Residents| |Devices adequate|Two or more current devices|Has more than three devices| |Ineligable	|0|
|10|Less than 40 Residents| |Devices adequate| |Has less than two devices|Enough devices	|Ineligable	|0|
|11|More than 40 Residents||Devices adequate|Two or more current devices|Has less than three devices|Enough devices|Ineligable|0|
